the big challenging silverback is now
amongst the group he set on one thing
seizing
titus is thrown
the intruder displays to show Titus his
strength but Titus can't be intimidated
if he gave up now the rival silverback
would kill the young orphan in his care
the orphan must stay close to Titus for
protection
but Felix knows the gorilla King is past
his prime Pattinson sort he's lost a lot
of muscles and you know consider its
movement when he's moving he's very slow
titus now faces a potentially fatal
decision there are two options one is
run Angela one is in stay and fight
the old leader is wise and he's brave in
a rare display of strength he shows the
intruder his intent silverback king
titus isn't going to give up his group
without a fight
you